c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\AGMGSK.exe
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\AGMGSK.pdb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\obj\x86\Debug\AGMGSK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\obj\x86\Debug\AGMGSK.exe
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\obj\x86\Debug\AGMGSK.pdb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\100x100x100Brick.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\100x50x100Marker.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\boundingSphereV3.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cloudV3.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\dogV6.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\magentaAvatarV6.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\redAvatarV6.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\templeV3.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Consolas.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\colorTexture.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\heightTexture.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\inspectorBackground.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\marble.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\marble_0.xnb
c:\users\dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\ufo.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\alien.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\treasure2.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\treasure3.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\AGMGSK\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\gold.xnb
