c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\100x100x100Brick.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\100x50x100Marker.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\boundingSphereV3.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\cloudV3.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\dogV6.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\magentaAvatarV6.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\redAvatarV6.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\templeV3.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\Consolas.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\colorTexture.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\heightTexture.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\inspectorBackground.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\marble.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\marble_0.xnb
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\IgnoreMe.dll
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\obj\PSM\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\obj\PSM\IgnoreMe.dll
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\ufo.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\alien.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\treasure2.xnb
C:\Users\Dani\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AGMGSK\GameName1\GameName1\bin\PSM\Content\treasure3.xnb
